[SRVKE-1479] Add docs on Kafka broker's templates config (#72688)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-kafka-broker-configmap.adoc

  bootstrap.servers: "my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka:9092"
----

> . To change templates for generating IDs and names used by your triggers, brokers, and channels, modify the `kafka-broker-config` config map:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To change templates for generating consumer group IDs and topic names used by your triggers, brokers, and channels, modify the `KnativeKafka` resource:
```

Reviewer: Users need to configure the templates on the `KnativeKafka` resource in the `knative-eventing` namespace as the ConfigMap is managed by the operator:

```yaml
# ...
kind: KnativeKafka
metadata:
  name: <..>
  namespace: knative-eventing
# ...

spec:
  config:
    config-kafka-features:
       triggers-consumergroup-template: knative-trigger-{{ .Namespace }}-{{ .Name }}         # <-- change template value here
```

  default.topic.partitions: "10"
  default.topic.replication.factor: "3"
  bootstrap.servers: "my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka:9092"
  triggers.consumergroup.template: "{% raw %}"knative-trigger-{{ .Namespace }}-{{ .Name }}-{{ .MyCustomValue}}"{% endraw %}"
  brokers.topic.template: "{% raw %}"knative-broker-{{ .Namespace }}-{{ .Name }}-{{ .MyCustomValue}}"{% endraw %}"

>   channels.topic.template: "{% raw %}"messaging-kafka.{{ .Namespace }}.{{ .Name }}-{{ .MyCustomValue}}"{% endraw %}"

Reviewer: This is not the right configmap for this feature, @Cali0707 isn't it in `config-kafka-features`?

Reviewer: To be precise, this needs to be configured on the KnativeKafka resource by an "administrator"

Reviewer 2: yep this is in `config-kafka-features` @pierDipi - good catch, thanks!

Author: @pierDipi Thanks, fixed
